DOCSP-42321: Insert landing page (#55)
mongodb/docs-scala: source/write.txt

.. _scala-write:

=====================
Write Data to MongoDB
=====================

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

.. facet::
   :name: genre
   :values: reference
 
.. meta::
   :description: Learn how to use the Scala driver to write data to MongoDB.
   :keywords: usage examples, save, crud, create, code example

.. toctree::
   :titlesonly:
   :maxdepth: 1

   /write/insert
   /write/replace
   /write/update
   /write/delete
   /write/bulk-write
   /write/transactions

Overview
--------

On this page, you can see copyable code examples that show common methods you

> can use to write data to MongoDB with the {+driver-short+}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can use to write data to MongoDB by using the {+driver-short+}.
```

Author: Every time, this one gets me!
